    Thanos : I am... inevitable.

    [Thanos snaps his fingers, but nothing happens. He discovers that the gauntlet no longer has the Infinity Stones, and that Stark used his armor's nano-technology to transfer the Stones to his arm] 

    Tony Stark : And I... am... Iron Man!

    [Stark snaps his fingers, and Thanos' army slowly fades into dust] 

    Thanos : I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive, but you have shown me... that's impossible. As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those, that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.

    Thanos : In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you now, what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet... I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.

    Thanos : I will shred this universe down to it's last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one. It is not what is lost but only what it is been given... a grateful universe.

    [Carol and Bruce, wearing the Hulkbuster armor, restrain Thanos, and Thor chops off his left arm with Stormbreaker. As Steve, Rhodey and Natasha enter, Rocket turns the gauntlet over to find the Infinity Stones missing] 

    Rocket : Oh no...

    Steve Rogers : [to Thanos]  Where are they?

    Carol Danvers : Answer the question.

    Thanos : The universe required correction. After that, the stones served no purpose beyond temptation.

    Bruce Banner : YOU MURDERED TRILLIONS!

    [Banner shoves Thanos to the ground] 

    Thanos : You should be grateful.

    Natasha Romanoff : Where are the Stones?

    Thanos : Gone. Reduced to atoms.

    Bruce Banner : You used them two days ago!

    Thanos : I used the Stones to destroy the Stones. It nearly killed me, but the work is done. It always will be. I am... inevitable.

    James Rhodes : We have to tear this place apart. He has to be lying.

    Nebula : My father is many things. A liar is not one of them.

    Thanos : Ah. Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly...

    [Thor brings Stormbreaker down, decapitating Thanos] 

    Rocket : What did you do?

    Thor : I went for the head.

    Thanos : You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life the other half would thrive. But you have shown me that's impossible. And as long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.

    Tony Stark : Yep, we're all kinds of stubborn.

    Thanos : I'm thankful. Because now I know what I must do. I will shred this universe down to its last atom. And then with the stones you've collected for me create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost but only what it has been given. A grateful universe.

    Steve Rogers : Born out of blood.

    Thanos : They'll never know it. Because you won't be alive to tell them.

    [from trailer] 

    Thanos : The work is done. I won. What I'm about to do, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much!

    Wanda Maximoff : You took everything from me!

    Thanos : I don't even know who you are

    Wanda Maximoff : You will.

    Thanos : Lay fire!

    Corvus Glaive : But sire, our troops.

    Thanos : Just do it!

    Thanos : In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you, now... what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.

    Thanos : Avengers... Unloyal wretches.

    Gamora : [watching the recording from the future]  What did you do to them?

    Thanos : Nothing. Yet. They're not trying to stop something I'm going to do in our time. They're trying to undo something I've already done in theirs.

    Gamora : The stones.

    Thanos : I found them all. I won. Tipped the cosmic scales to balance.

    [Gamora kneels before him] 

    Ebony Maw : This is your future.

    Thanos : It's my destiny.

    [the recording starts playing again] 

    Nebula : [in the recording]  My father is many things. A liar is not one of them.

    Thanos : [in the recording]  Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly.

    [Thor chops his head off. Gamora looks shocked while Thanos isn't] 

    Thanos : And that is destiny fulfilled.

    Thanos : [describing his new plan]  I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost, but only what it has been given. A grateful universe.

    Captain America : Born out of blood.

    Thanos : They'll never know it. Because you won't be alive to tell them.

    [Thor, Iron Man, and Cap attack Thanos as one] 

    Thanos : [fighting back the Avenger's army]  Where's Nebula?

    Corvus Glaive : She's not responding.

    Ebony Maw : Sire!

    [points to Hawkeye running with the gauntlet. Hawkeye makes his way through the battlefield, firing his arrows. As Thanos's forces close in on him, Black Panther uses his suit's energy to blast them back] 

    Black Panther : Clint! Give it to me.

    [Hawkeye hands over the gauntlet. Black Panther makes his way through the battlefield. His suit absorbs the laser-fire, and he punches the ground, releasing the energy back at the forces surrounding him. As he prepares to move on, Thanos's double edged sword strikes him, knocking the gauntlet out of his hands. The sword returns to Thanos, who starts to move toward Black Panther, but Scarlet Witch lands in his path. She stares at Thanos with pure rage] 

    Scarlet Witch : You took everything from me.

    Thanos : I don't even know who you are.

    Scarlet Witch : You will.

    [She began uses her powers to lift two huge piles of debris and throws them at Thanos. She begins to blast him repeatedly. Black Panther runs toward the gauntlet, but it's lifted by Ebony Maw's powers. Black Panther grabs the gauntlet and Ebony Maw starts to pull him toward him] 

    Spider-Man : I got it!

    [swings toward Black Panther. Black Panther throws the gauntlet up and Spider-Man snags it with a web-line. As he lands, Outriders begin to close in on him] 

    Spider-Man : Activate "Instant Kill!"

    [his suit immediately begins killing the Outriders around him] 

    [Thanos is battling Scarlet Witch. He swings his sword down, but she catches it with her powers. He tries to force the blade toward her, but she holds it back. She gives him a smirk, then blasts the sword back, sending it flying. She then lifts Thanos with her powers. She pulls at his armor, slowly tearing him apart] 

    Thanos : Rain fire!

    Corvus Glaive : But sire, our troops...

    Thanos : Just do it!

    [his ship starts firing on the battlefield. Scarlet Witch tries to shield herself, but gets blasted back. As the firing continues, the Masters of the Mystic Arts conjure magical shields to protect the army. The shots damage what's left of the dam holding back the water. Pepper, in her suit, sees the water start to flood into the battlefield] 

    Pepper Potts : Uh, is anyone else seeing this?

    [Doctor Strange sees the water and steps forward. He uses his mystical powers to hold the water in a tornado, stopping it from flooding the battlefield] 

    Ebony Maw : [learning of Thanos' future death]  Sire... your daughter... .

    Nebula : [a chain is wrapped around her neck]  No!

    Ebony Maw : ...is a traitor.

    Nebula : That's not me. It's not, I could never... I would never betray you. Never. Never.

    Thanos : [breaking the chain]  I know. And you'll have the chance to prove it.

    Gamora : I don't understand. Two Nebulas.

    Thanos : No. The same Nebula... from two different times.

    [to Maw] 

    Thanos : Set course for Morag. And scan the duplicate's memories. I wanna see everything.

